in the last week or two there's been a
lot of massive video game announcements
up to this point in 2020 things have
been kind of slow and maybe that's a bit
of an understatement but this current
global situation has had a severe impact
on really all aspects of this video game
industry with many publishers unsure of
how to go about delivering news or
revealing new games because of just the
uncertain times that we're living in but
thankfully that is starting to kind of
change we're starting to see some of the
games and releases that are due out
later this year or in 2020
finally well we're having some reasons
to be excited for the future ahead like
one of the most noteworthy reveals was
Tony Hawk pro skater 1 & 2 being
remastered there certainly is a big deal
as this franchise really defined a
generation and even I have fond memories
of playing this with my brother when I
was younger but the skateboarding
community has been demanding and hopeful
for a skate 4 from Electronic Arts which
honestly just may never come but this
announcement definitely comes at a time
that I would consider it's probably
perfect and maybe yo pole new generation
can understand why many of us love this
franchise or really became interested in
skateboarding years ago besides that we
also have 18 minutes of ghosts of
Tsushima gameplay which just looks
absolutely phenomenal it certainly has
the Assassin's Creed meets a feudal
Japan feel and that's perfectly fine in
my opinion Sucker Punch is doing what
you be soft should have done years ago
but the environment combat customization
attention to detail similar to red dead
to how certain mechanics work like wind
being you know your source of direction
is just kind of fascinating and I really
am excited to jump into that experience
in a few more months now we also had
some big next-gen reveals one for the
Xbox series X which I guess nobody
seemed to realize at Microsoft before
the gameplay reveal stream that maybe
they should feature actual gameplay for
a you know gameplay event like the games
featured looks solid but it was
misleading something that Microsoft
acknowledged and apologized for after
the reveal but also Ubisoft caught some
heat for revealing the next-gen version
of Assassin's Creed Valhalla may only
run at 30 frames per
second not very next-gen then at all at
least in terms of performance but
additionally Ubisoft disappointed many
with they're misleading hyped up
Assassin's Creed Valhalla gameplay
reveal which I will point out there's a
difference between in-game cinematic
footage and gameplay some companies
understand this some do not like with
Red Dead Redemption - from rockstar
games the first three trailers had
in-game cinematic footage but it was not
labeled as gameplay because it's not
that once Rockstar delivered Red Dead
Redemption - gameplay was actual
gameplay and it was properly labeled as
just that like I said some companies
understand this some clearly do not now
the other big reveal was a PS 5 tech
demo which showed off the potential of
next gen consoles with the Unreal Engine
5 running on the PS 5 and it just it
looks stunning triangles upon triangles
upon triangles there's so much small
details that I appreciate like the
dynamic lighting the power of the PS 5
SSD and how this technology will be
utilized to create some innovative
experiences and the years to come now
while we did have some huge reveals
there has been the typical chaos with EA
dice once again angering battlefield 5
fans and a journalist / EA partner
exposing some of the feelings and things
going on behind the scenes during the
development of battlefield 5 we also
have an update on Naughty Dog and Sony's
shady The Last of Us to copyright claims
that they've been making an update on
peyer's anthem 2.0 and the return of the
coaling with one of the most disgusting
monetization scams that I've ever seen
we're gonna be breaking all of that down
in a second but as usual if you do go on
to enjoy this content and want to show
your support for more videos like this
please consider hitting that like button
subscribing for more and turning
notifications on so you do not miss out
on any new videos also as I recently
announced I'm on patreon if you do want
to help out the channel further with
some financial support and gain some
perks like deciding certain upcoming
content become a patron today as always
links are down the description below so
we're gonna start right away with
probably one of the biggest scummiest
acts that I've seen from this video game
industry and a while and I swear this
industry just never surprises me with
all the new pathetic monetization scams
that that comes to be and the newest one
comes from Xavier the developer behind
the coaling and a couple of other
smaller games that I don't think many of
you have actually heard of but pretty
much the coaling if you don't know the
story years ago back in 2016 this
company was kind of the first ones to
jump on the Battle Royale trend before
it really was a trend and the problem
with the coaling was that it wasn't a
great game but it was one of the first
and a lot of people liked it but once
pop G came to be fortnight and so many
other battle rails the coaling just kind
of became forgotten now I'm not going
through the long history of the coaling
franchise but I am briefly trying to
trend over so you understand what's been
going on but basically the honest truth
is that the calling wasn't a very great
game it was alright and once better
Battle Royale experiences can to be
people they ditched to the coaling and
what that resulted in was development on
the game halting and then Xavier the
developer started working on the calling
to which was just abysmal it was it was
[__] and once that came out nobody cared
for it I think the game peaked out like
200 250 players and that for is the
developer to go back and try to bring
back the original the calling game and
still even then people weren't really
all that interested in that and here we
are again the calling has reemerged
and the developer took to Twitter first
saying the calling is back TLD our
servers live Thursday May 14th all good
that sounds perfect
Xbox one now PC later big performance
enhancements not free-to-play but if you
ever played it you have it $5.99 on Xbox
Store if you never played it one free
online match per day additional tokens
up what this makes absolutely no sense
like this is one of the biggest scams
that I've ever seen and I have two
theories on this because it doesn't make
any sense so here are my theories one
this company is about to go under so
they're just throwing this out there and
hoping maybe they'll get some additional
cash from people who I guess appreciate
this franchise if there are any out
there or - they're hoping that they get
enough outrage that they get enough eyes
on this franchise again so they can kind
of backpedal on all of this
and try to I guess get people to like
say oh yeah thanks for doing that so now
I'll play the calling it really doesn't
make any sense and based on this
company's history I mean they peaked at
the calling back in 2016
they've had some other games that I
don't think any of you have heard of it
they had lit dumb battle mage and 2014
that has that was 2014 that another game
that came out last year don't die
Minerva which on Steam has 17 reviews I
would assume that it didn't do very well
financially and for an indie company I'd
have to believe that they may be close
to going under so the only thing that
makes sense to me is that this is a
last-ditch effort so I guess make some
money or get some interest back into
them but it's just it's pathetic and it
really is it's hard it's it's difficult
to even talk about this or take it
seriously because it's beyond pathetic
but on YouTube
as you can see 511 likes over 24,000
dislikes and this is the pricing that
they are actually trying to do you have
a base price of $5.99 one free daily
online match token you can win tokens by
winning matches and the token packs are
three pack $4.99 it's just so stupid but
there is obviously an online pass
because that wasn't already a mistake
years ago when the big-name companies
tried doing that you can get a 30 day
one for $5.99 this is just this is dumb
and I don't get why this company is even
doing this in the first place all you're
doing is tarnishing your name and your
reputation I don't like I said I don't
know what the financial situation is at
Xavier but I have to think that it's
dire circumstances over there right now
to even present something like this I
don't know but Josh makes avian the
Director of Operations I don't know what
they're doing over there but I just fire
myself for even making this video he
sounded serious he sounded like he meant
it which is kind of even more
frightening but yeah let the culling die
please because this is just looking it
looks pathetic at this point and it's
really disgusting what they're even
trying to do and I really hope that they
I hope nobody gets bought into this and
I don't think it's going to work but
like I said I don't understand the
strategy at all with this because it
just looks looks horrible but speaking
of big time video game failures next we
have is battlefield 5
now if you don't know in recent weeks it
was announced by ei dice that they were
ending development on both Star Wars
Battlefront 2 and battlefield 5 and the
reactions to that news was drastically
different with both of those games with
Star Wars Battlefront 2 most seem happy
with what the game turned into
post-launch
went from complete disaster to many
pretty much being ok and happy with what
it ended up becoming but with
battlefield 5 it never enjoyed that
resurgence it was a mess at release and
it's still messed to this day there was
moments I hope with some of the Pacific
content but it just never got there
there was just nonsensical decisions
that were made it went against what the
community wanted like time to kill
changes and it just never seemed to
recover now some of the top posts on the
battlefield 5 sub right have just been
mocking and really just pointing out
some of the huge mistakes that dice made
with this game with 19 thousand up votes
we have this one saying if you're going
to buy battlefield 6 don't forget don't
forget the lack of content in two of the
six chapters don't forget the sales
after the early access remember this
game underachieved in sales and the
words from Electronic Arts
don't forget the lack of anti cheat and
auto balance don't forget them getting
rid of frontlines and domination nor the
limited time rush and the other modes
like firestorm the battle royale mode
and the 5v5 mode there was also servers
that were cut there were skins that were
going for 10 dollars 20 guns that didn't
even they didn't even bother to release
soldier dragging and crash landings
features that were touted before lunch
but just ended up getting canceled and
there's just so much but I think one of
the biggest ones was the lack of huge
war moments on world war 2 these were
things that people were hyping up before
launch like Stalingrad or Normandy
everybody wants to storm the beaches but
that never came to be overall for a lot
of people battlefield 5 is just seen as
a complete failure and for a World War 2
shooter it failed for what it was
supposed to be to deliver that World War
2 experience a lot of people from the
get-go just did not understand what EA
dice was trying to go for with this game
and even to this day I still don't
understand the marketing or really any
of the decisions made this is just a
mess a mess that will never recover
we'll have to wait to see if this does
have an impact
Danse a battlefield 6 but I think it's
safe to assume that there's going to be
a lot of skepticism from the community
for really anything else coming from ei
dice in the future ahead it's kind of
how this Triple A games industry works
nowadays and I really hope that ei dice
takes note of a lot of the mistakes that
they made but the fact that they didn't
learn from them with battlefield 5 is
deeply concerning and I guess we'll just
have to wait to see for that but as I
mentioned earlier in recent weeks they
announced that they're moving on from
battlefield 5 and they're concentrating
on the next battlefield experience but
they also made a big content
announcement in recent days which just
comes off as well
spitting in players faces it was a new
elite soldier Steve Fisher which is
supposed to be this really cool you know
World War 2 soldier but it just it looks
it looks dumb you know making I think
this kind of puts into perfect
perspective of I mean EA dice just not
understanding their player base at all I
mean even before release we saw that
with some of the dumb statements that
came from the executives that we're
working on this but yeah concentrating
on elite soldiers and not you know
enjoyable maps like Stalingrad or you
know iconic World War 2 content but
making dumb soldiers like this it just
shows you that they really do not
understand what they were doing with
this game it's kind of deeply concerning
for the future but yeah this has been
met - a lot of people down voting this
video this announcement of this content
battlefield 5 elite Steve Fisher 5,000
likes and over 28,000 dislikes and some
of the top comments include anyone
remember those battlefield days where
you were just another soldier and not
one of those wannabe action heroes with
names and backstories I'm the guy that
makes every shot count
the level cringe is on a whole new level
good job dice and yeah this is just just
a mistake but that kind of sums up the
whole battlefield 5 experience but if
you actually again head to the
battlefield 5 subreddit some of the top
responses are there's something my
reaction after watching Steve Fisher's
trailer
yeah people they're not moved by this
and then there was also this note which
isn't anything to do with the Steve
Fisher but more of some of the responses
coming from DICE actual words from a
dice dev why do people date a mind
that's
the same level as cheating also dice not
releasing any news going radio silence
for weeks on end for the entire lifespan
of this game and releasing barely any
content to the game getting shocked when
someone data minds possible content to
keep the player base even remotely
interested in the game now if you don't
know what this users actually talking
about it seems like somebody who works
for EA said dating mining should be
banned in a sled to a battlefield 5
developer or battlefield developer
responding saying the person screaming
yay today about dating mining probably
doesn't understand that a long run these
actions have consequences every studio
faces such problems then needs to
allocate resources towards fixing those
problems instead of using said resources
somewhere else then he has that little
sad smiley face it's really the same
with cheating comparing data mining to
cheating interesting if people could
just behave themselves the industry
wouldn't need to spend billions on
trying to reduce it people sharing data
mined content are in my mind no
different than people advertising cheats
personally I don't see the connection
but this guy's you can go for it and
somebody also pointed out I'm rather
disappointed to read this the community
made its issues with serious lack of
content clear and data mined info didn't
over hype people it just barely kept
them interested to compare people acting
as surrogate sustainers for the
community to cheaters rude in my opinion
and then this developer responded this
is my general view with no relations to
Battlefield a lack of content of game
has nothing to do with the industry wide
topic of data mining read this as
written by developer and player not as
stated by dice I get he's trying to
downplay this on the topic of comparison
between spreading information of cheats
versus spreading information of data at
the end of the day people and their
experience and work gets hurt there's no
way of denying it no matter how good the
intention damage will be done same goes
for leaks by the way which that is what
it is I can completely understand the
other perspective where the secrecy of
this video game industry is kind of a
problem if you look at the other aspects
of this entertainment industry like
movies it's a lot more I guess they're a
lot more open with how movies are made
with this video game industry a little
too secretive and a lot of times when
games have been date of mine there's
been a lot of shady business spam
so I don't know there's a different
point of view that needs to be pointed
out on this topic and I could go on and
on about that but I do want to go over
this take coming from a German
journalist an E a game-changer about
battlefield fives downfall Fabien
Sigmund I probably saw that wrong he
uploaded a video a few days ago giving
insight into battlefield fives
development and confirming a few points
most of us already suspected he said
while he was he worked at the biggest
German games magazine game star
mentioned them quite a few times in past
videos he's basically written every
preview for every battlefield
installment there is while visiting dice
very frequently to do this he is known
to be a friend of the family secondly he
has been an EA game changer and is thus
in contact with developers and high ups
at dice and EA who asked him about his
opinion on the game from time to time
and this person does speak German so
they translated some of the top points
that this journal is actually made and
it's very it's interesting hearing this
perspective and it does confirm some of
the things that a lot of us suspected
battlefield fives early ending was to be
expected and again this game financially
did not do that well it didn't have the
monetization that he probably wanted or
dice wanted because of the whole Star
Wars Battlefront 2 disaster so that kind
of ruined the potential for the future
already so that's not too surprising
they're obviously gonna move away from
that and move on to the next potential
moneymaker
he was quite enthusiastic when dice
provided him with a preview version
emphasizing that going back to Wake
Island will be phenomenal
unfortunately dice already told him back
then that they were planning the
drip-feed the content that there will be
no famous maps on launch huge mistake
I'd still don't understand that he was
telling them to be precise with her
content plan otherwise people will be
disappointed dice underlying that
they're aware of this and will stick to
their roadmaps no matter the cost
oh boy compared to previous installments
developers were lacking excitement for
their own game uses the word solace in
corporate to describe the employees
demeanor at the launch events and yeah
that's that's very true I mean if the
only reason why you're getting excited
one of the top reasons is just to mock
battlefield fans remember that
everyone's battlefield oh boy I still
don't I just don't get this game I
not get a lot of the decisions but let's
continue dice was indeed very sulky on
receiving negative feedback for their
initial trailer you don't say from the
beginning lacking tech was the common
explanation for not improving the
assignment system dice thought that the
combination of a campaign multiplayer
and battle royale was the selling point
of the game while they were wrong he
does not understand the time to kill
changes and the lack of a CTE the game
changers visited dice for the Pacific
update where they were told about the
time to kill changes dice allowed no
argument regarding these changes another
mistake strategic decisions have been
puzzling an overly hasty from the start
example changing customization several
times behind the scenes marketing
budgets were frequently decreased as
Electronic Arts lost faith in the
product relatively early and dice had
problems understanding what the
community wanted when it comes to
cosmetics while they wanted world war ii
cosmetics it's not very difficult to
figure that one out but i guess that was
a problem so in summary what this
journalist kind of exposes is a lot of
yes what we pretty much suspected but
it's nice to have some confirmation of
some of the feelings and things that
were going on behind the scenes but yeah
battlefield 5 is just I really hope they
get it right with battlefield 6 but I'll
be honest I like many I'm gonna be
extremely skeptical moving forward
especially with some of the monetization
things that are still going on at the
company that I feel could be implemented
in future games Star Wars Battlefront 2
was just the beginning I think people
need to understand that but maybe that's
a conversation again for another day now
we next move on to the Last of Us 2 mess
situation as most of you know the game
leaked pretty much the entire game is
leaked a lot of the big moments and what
sony has been trying to do is silence a
lot of the leaks and i understand them
taking down videos of these leaks but
going after people just talking about it
is a massive problem and this has
resulted in a lot of false copyright
claims and what sony is trying to do is
silence any of the criticism and all the
talk about this but we have this article
coming from reclaim the net this is
actually a good thing but only kind of
commentators get small when after Sony
Naughty Dog burned through any remaining
goodwill with copyright
system abuse Naughty Dog and Sony have
been criticized heavily for the last few
weeks for their copyright system abuse
surrounding the Last of Us part two
leaks well the two companies are trying
to take down videos or other media that
simply talked about the recent leaks
some creators are still emerging
victorious despite the company's efforts
so yes just talking about this game just
mentioning the leaks have resulted in
false copyright claims because Sony
really does not want people talking
about this they don't want attention to
be on these leaks before release because
yes it will contribute to people
skipping this experience and it will
lose Sony money which they do not want
to see happening so with them abusing
copyright systems whether that be
YouTube or Twitter that's a route that
they're going to be taking and they're
still doing it right now but as this
article continued Sony wasn't even
targeting those videos that contained
any visual material from the leaked
cutscenes of the upcoming the last of a
sequel there were just while they were
striking and flagging videos that were
just talking about the leaks more
shockingly another youtuber was struck
by Sony with a copyright notice for a
video in which she just discussed Sony's
copyright system abuses Jade she simply
read an article about this abuse and she
was pretty much crushed with a copyright
strike because again it looks like Sony
or these people aren't actually
reviewing these videos they're just
hittin copyright claiming again because
YouTube's systems so broke these
companies do not face consequences for
these actions now this article continues
the overreach when it comes to striking
and removing videos that's led to many
believing that Sony and Naughty Dog's
are no longer just trying to prevent
leaks from spreading about the upcoming
game they're actively trying to suppress
any criticism leveled against them the
leaks of the Last of Us 2 were revealed
an unpopular narrative for some at least
some people are unhappy with the agenda
and some of the some of the weights that
Naughty Dog has gone about the story
that's obvious if you've been on the
internet that's not a spoiler some
people are unhappy with the direction
and this is why a lot of people believe
that Naughty Dog is going on about this
why they're taking these videos down
because they just don't want this
criticism getting out or being
widespread some are now starting to
believe that Sony and Naughty Dog want
to reduce animosity towards the game in
an attempt to still ensure strong sales
and pre-orders pretty much white just
said but as mentioned above there are
some cases where creators who were
unfairly targeted with copyright
claims got their content restored so yes
there are some wins out of this but it's
few and far between right now
well lease some of these wrongful claims
are eventually getting reversed it's not
until after Sony has already caused
trouble for the creators affecting the
channels wasting their time and putting
their livelihoods at risk it's clear
that Sony and Naughty Dog are no way
interested in restoring any trust with a
community now the more concerning part
of this story is the fact that nobody is
reporting about this no video game
outlets you know how many times over the
years I've heard about Kotaku and
Bethesda's dispute and how pretty much
Kotaku has been blacklisted by Bethesda
but they won't even cover this abuse a
polygon GameSpot IGN I just I don't get
this at all why nobody's even talking
about this but reclaim the net points
out Sony's abusive DMCA reporting
systems against commentators and social
media users is met with media silence
and yes most of the mainstream video
game news websites have been pretty much
silent about one of the largest
corporations in the gaming industry Sony
continuing to abuse the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act hsihu censor
content discussing the April 27th The
Last of Us - leaks ever since the leaks
hit the Internet videos memes and all
manner of other online posts that
referenced them have been taken down in
response to copyright claims from Sony
and Musso TNT Ltd the copyright agent
representing Sony these companies always
have outside private firms that help out
with stuff like this some of the content
that has been taken down again this just
goes back to the point that it's just
people talking about its and they're not
including footage they're not including
screenshots they're just talking about
what has happened and even right now
other creators are being hit with more
false copyright claims it's not slowing
down and as one of the lawyers that I
mentioned before Hogue law pointed out
on Twitter Sony's strategy for dealing
with discussion of the last of his leaks
is beginning to take shape they may not
want to go to court but they definitely
want some silence and that's very much
true again Houk law is a lawyer he's
somebody who's talked a lot about the
actions in this video game industry I've
cited him multiple times on this channel
and it really is just disappointing with
what sony has been doing with this whole
situation and it really just it puts the
last of us too in a negative spotlight
and I really just don't understand
any of this like all these video game
companies they just always do the
nonsensical decisions but I mean I guess
that's one way to draw more negative
attention and just make people even more
angry at Naughty Dog and Sony and the
fact that videogame outlets gaming
outlets aren't even discussing this is
it's deeply concerning but to the final
update of today we're gonna talk about
Bioware's
anthem yes you heard me right which we
actually got an update from the company
and it looks like somebody else is now
taken over by our Austin Christian he is
the new studio director for the Bioware
Austin office that is leading production
of what Derek's
while they're exploring next for anthem
which I do wonder if his emphasis on
next means that anthem 2.0 will would
just be called anthem next which maybe
that'll make some sense but I think the
most interesting part of this article or
this piece from this developer is the
fact that this ain't coming anytime soon
like I was thinking maybe this will be
ready by fall of 2020 but this sounds
like this is gonna take a while maybe
2021 but here's some of the most notable
parts of this article it says the anthem
incubation team is kicked off and we are
starting to validate our design
hypothesis incubation is a term we use
internally it essentially means we are
going back and experimenting prototyping
to improve on the areas that we believe
we fell short and to leverage everything
that you love about anthem we are a
small team about 30 ish earning our way
forward as we set out to hit our first
major milestone goals spoiler this is
going to be a long process and yes the
team is small but the whole point of
this is to take our time and go back to
the drawing board and a small team gives
us the agility a larger one cannot
afford and then Bioware Austin studio
director next just pretty much says he
wants to be open about the process so it
sounds like we're going to be seeing
more updates in the coming months to be
but yeah it sounds like anthem 2.0 is
not coming anytime soon and I like I've
been saying this for a while but I
really just don't know if there's gonna
be interest to return to this experience
but only time will tell and I really
don't know how they're even gonna go
about this is this going to be a free
update or is this going to be like some
sort of sequel there's a lot of
uncertainty in the air but I guess it's
good that Bioware is going to try to
make sure that they get this game right
but this was one of the big fail
years of 2019 and with a big update like
this if it is free I just wonder how do
they monetize this moving forward
many questions remain and maybe those
will be answered in the months ahead but
yeah I don't really don't know what to
expect out of Bioware with anthem 2.0 or
really anything else coming from this
company in the future as we've discussed
in some of the expose they've been
written about bio Wars development of
anthem Mass Effect Andromeda and Dragon
Age Inquisition seems like the company
has some serious problems that have not
been addressed but maybe they'll be
addressed before this company just
completely falls apart but there have
been rumors and reports of a Mass Effect
trilogy remaster on the way so maybe
that'll can inspire some hope maybe
anyway to wrap all of this up just
another day in this videogame industry I
guess that's the best way to put it but
yeah typical Electronic Arts doing
nonsensical decisions and probably one
of the biggest most greediest things
I've ever seen coming from the coaling
which is a game that probably should
have just died once it faltered back in
2016 to end this video on a more
positive note what I can say is that fun
times are ahead we have some massive
exciting releases coming like ghosts of
Tsushima and the next generation of
consoles which will inspire really
hopefully some new innovative games and
the years to come obviously it's not
going to be immediate at release but I
really am excited to see what is
developed for these next-gen consoles
because there's gonna be probably a huge
contrast from this generation that we're
on right now to the next generation so
I'm excited I really am but let me know
your thoughts down the comment section
below but thank you for watching make
sure to leave a like if you did enjoy
this video or if you found any
informative value and make sure to
follow my other social media accounts
for updates on new videos links are
always down the description below a most
active on Twitter giving opinions on
news that I do not always get into video
form so do make sure to follow me over
there also check out my discord for all
sorts of discussion on games and again
thank you for joining consider
subscribing for more videos like this
and I'll see you later
you